Dean Ann, why did you call me in here?
I wanted to let you know, I reassigned Sandra. She won't be troubling anyone.
I heard. If that's it, I'm leaving.
Come back. Give me water.
Everything is right next to you. You're just bossing me around.
So this new bar opened up nearby. Do you want to go for a drink after the simulation?
I don't have time.
It's not what you think it is. Other people are coming too.
I have an appointment at the hospital this afternoon.
Why are you sick?
Free needle checkup.
The baby is healthy, but starting next week you might experience some early morning sickness and loss of appetite, so take it easy.
Ms. Salvador, are you sure you don't want informs to green about your pregnancy?
It's quite wealthy, you know.